Provides a simple way to selectively turn on/off data processors (#46)
SteveMacenski/ros2_ouster: README.md

this `timestamp_mode`. When running in this mode, the on-LiDAR `timestamp_mode`
will not be set by this driver.

### Parameterizing the Active Data Processors

The `os1_proc_mask` parameter is set to a mask-like-string used to define the
data processors that should be activated upon startup of the driver. This will
determine the topics that are available for client applications to consume. The
*de facto* reference for these values are defined in
[processor_factories.hpp](ros2_ouster/include/ros2_ouster/OS1/processor_factories.hpp). Tuning
this parameter properly can have a dramatic effect on application performance

> in terms of latency and jitter.

Reviewer: I think "dramatic" is a bit of an overstatement - so I think this should be reworded to remove "dramatic" and add a ", so it is recommended to only use the processors that you require for your application." to make the warning actionable.

The available data processors are:

- **IMG** Provides 8-bit image topics encoding the noise, range, intensity, and
  reflectivitiy from a scan.
- **PCL** Provides a point cloud encoding of a LiDAR scan
- **IMU** Provides a data stream from the LiDAR's integral IMU

> - **SCAN** Provides a synthesized 2D LaserScan from the 3D LiDAR data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SCAN** Provides a 2D LaserScan from the closest to 0-degree azimuth ring.
```
